c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\SamehAutomation.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\SamehAutomation.pdb
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Extension.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\obj\Debug\SamehAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\obj\Debug\SamehAutomation.dll
c:\users\waleed.badri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SamehAutomation\SamehAutomation\obj\Debug\SamehAutomation.pdb
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\SamehAutomation.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\SamehAutomation.pdb
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Extension.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\obj\Debug\SamehAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\obj\Debug\SamehAutomation.dll
E:\Syngenta\Other\AutomationCICD\SamehAutomation\obj\Debug\SamehAutomation.pdb
